okay what I'm going to show you here is
a boost leak or a leak problem having I
just modded this is 1g blob out here for
the Dodge mod I took and tap that out
put a set screw in it I took him tap
that out like with a six mil I used the
threaded bolt and cut it off and I use
jb weld make a little nipple around the
end so that it seals really well now
once I got this to seal up I put it up
top and I rig something up here I got a
UH I got a little tee here
three white tee right and one side is my
air pressure source I took the little
regulator on the compressor put it about
thirty thirty pounds or so
and then this runs into one side of the
tee and then another side of the tee
runs down and feeds another tee here and
this tee feeds the top port and the
boots cages you see over here just just
to regulate pressure I have another
boost gauge sitting around so I hooked
it up so I know how much is going in and
then the other side of this black tee
here runs down in feeds what is the new
bottom port for the for the DJ air for
the dodging or you know whatever kind of
toolkit you want to call it and what's
happening is when I apply pressure it's
leaking on the inside here and as you
can see right there right we're worried
about my thumb is it seems like where
that shaft slides up and down I got a
leak right there I'll show you I got
some I got some soapy water and I'll
show you where it's leaking it so I've
taken a squirts through this down in
there just to get it good and so I can
show you what's going on and I apply
pressure I don't know if you can hear
that but then we're taking and I just
blow your big old boat see it's it's a
big old boost leaking there you know I
don't know I don't know why it's leaking
I'm guessing there's a seal in there
that goes around that shaft and it just
finally gave out see so I blow you
another one oh there's some soap money
anyway
is it's coming from the bottom port if I
take in by taking cut air off I squeeze
that bottom port shut
it's not leaking really without taking
over the back up and start leaking and
there comes another bowl see so it's
come from the bottom port it seems like
on the bottom side it seems like the
diaphragms good but on the bottom side
of that diaphragm where that shaft rides
through I'm guessing there's a seal and
of course as you can see it's not like
it's being pushed open and booth
pressures coming through it's actually a
problem up top here I just looking for
y'all's input is this normal do y'all
see this all the times there's another
bubble so I just applied pressure again
as you can see by the boost gauge I let
off it'll bleed down you can see the
boost gauge in the background fire it
back up and it just starts leaking again
you can hear that then you can you can
move this valve side to side see I made
it louder and go the other way and that
made it be quieter but it's still
leaking but it's just quieter so just
looking for your take on this
did I dodge might apply a blow-off valve
and need to get a new one or not I
appreciate